README.md: assorted doc updates (#72)
tailscale/caddy-tailscale: README.md

If no auth key is present, one will be loaded from the default `$TS_AUTHKEY` environment variable.
Failing that, it will log an auth URL to the Caddy log that can be used to register the node.

Unless the node is registered as `ephemeral`, the auth key is only needed on first run.
Node state is stored in `state_dir` and reused when Caddy restarts.
When running in a container, it is generally recommended to use `ephemeral` and always provide an auth key,

> or to mount the state directory on a persistent volume, depending on the use case.

Reviewer: (Note to self): We should probably document these practices (and the why)  somewhere in the main docs page so that places like this can just link it. I've created an issue for this https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale-www/issues/6107 (closed source)

## Authentication provider

> Setup the Tailscale authentication provider with the `tailscale_auth` directive.

Reviewer: Absolute nit:
````suggestion
Set up the Tailscale authentication provider with the `tailscale_auth` directive.
````

Author: done
